New option to create a system truststore (#24473)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-24_0_0.adoc

= SPI Truststore Changes

> The spi-truststore-file-file is no longer required to initialize the spi provided truststore.  Instead the system truststore will be returned if the file is not set.

Reviewer: Is `spi-truststore-file-file` and `spi-truststore-file-password` still supported? Will these be deprecated/removed at some point?

I don't really understand what's written here. I read this as I no longer need to use the mentioned SPI property to initialise the system truststore, or something like that, which makes no sense.

Reviewer 2: The Truststore SPI might still make sense if someone wants a more granular control over truststores. Basically for use cases when setting system/global truststore is not desired. But now I'm not sure it's a real life use case. Do you suggest to deprecate the SPI config options?

= SPI Truststore Changes

> The spi-truststore-file-* properties and the truststore related properties https-trust-store-* are deprecated, please use the new default location for truststore material, conf/truststores, or specify your desired paths via the truststore-paths option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `spi-truststore-file-*` options and the truststore related options `https-trust-store-*` are deprecated, please use the new default location for truststore material, `conf/truststores`, or specify your desired paths via the `truststore-paths` option. For details refer to the relevant https://www.keycloak.org/server/keycloak-truststore[guide].
```
